So welcome back, guys.
Next, we will going to discuss the concept of stack overflow.
So actually it is not a concept, but it is an Arab condition and we will see that when this condition
happen.
So if you write a program such that there is a long chain of function calls, you can cause stack overflow.
So stack overflow is a situation when program stack grows beyond the maximum stack size.
So you can see in this example, suppose you write a program such that the program causes chain of function
calls.
Now, if this chain of function calls happen to grow such that it crosses the maximum stack size limit,
then that condition will be called as stack overflow.
So recursive functions often cause stack overflow, so you can see that if you happen to write a recursive
function and if that particular recursive function happens to bloat that stack memory such that that
the call stack grows beyond the maximum stack size limit, then those recursive functions can cause
stack overflow.
So it is for this reason that you are strongly discouraged to write any recursive function in the industry
to see STAC memory maximum size on your machine, just run the command limit minus S and it will show
you the stack memory in megabytes.
So keep this stack overflow.
Tom in mind.
You can be asked straight away to explain what is a stack overflow and when does this happen.
And what can you do to prevent a stack overflow?
So in order to prevent stack overflow.
One solution is that that you should not write recursive function.
Another thing that can cause a stack overflow is that that the declaration of large arrays, for example,
if you try to declare an array within R function and let the size of the Adibi six six two thousand
bytes.
So remember, now we understand that any local vegetable or local area occupies that space in the stack
frame of that function.
So you have to start over consuming six thousand bytes, meaning that the stack frame of the function
in which this area is declared will be at least six thousand bytes.
So this increases the chances for the stack mamady to completely exhausted and cause stack overflow.
So in the industry, you are not allowed to create these large Adès within a function.
So now we have to point out that what you should do in order to prevent stack overflow first, do not
write recursive function.
Second, do not declare do not declare large local areas within a function.